# Qualitative Peer/Self Evaluation

### Name: Pacheco, Raul
### Team Number: 2

(1.) On a scale from 1(poor) to 5(great), please judge the overall performance of your team:

(2.) In the table below, identify a major strength of each of your group members in relation to the group’s goals and processes. Provide one concrete example to substantiate your answer. Include yourself!

| Group member's name | Strength | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Casazzone, Nicolas|Website designer||
|Coto, Alicia|Flexible|Can help out with any task|
|Hornung, Ryan|Good coder||
|Pacheco, Raul|Helpful||
|Roberge, Benjamin|Ingenuity||

(3.) In the table below, identify a weakness of each of your group member’s in relation to the group’s process. Provide concrete examples to substantiate your answers. Include yourself!

| Group member’s name | Weakness | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Casazzone, Nicolas|||
|Coto, Alicia|||
|Hornung, Ryan|||
|Pacheco, Raul|||
|Roberge, Benjamin|||

(4.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that worked well, and explain why they were effective.
We split off tasks at the beginning of each lab/meeting depending on the members' strengths. This helps get more done quicker and effectively and well and helping us stay on track
(5.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that did not work well, and explain why they were ineffective.

(6.) What can you do to improve your own contributions to the group’s goals and processes in the final part of the semester?
Unfortunetely I haven't been able to go to open labs with the rest of the team due to time conflicts, but maybe going to open labs alone for short periods of time throughout the week and with specific tasks I can help reach goals faster.
(7.) Distribute points among the members of your team (not including you); a higher score means they have contributed more towards the team work. **The total points must sum to 1.**
*Example:
Alice: 0.25
Ben: 0.1
Charles: 0.25
Dave: 0.4*

### Scores:
Casazzone, Nicolas: 0.25
Coto, Alicia:  0.25
Hornung, Ryan:  0.25
Roberge, Benjamin:  0.25

